Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create the function in order to enable users been able to upload printouts.
Okay.
Not to do this, they're going to need to go to the controller's directory.
And over here we're going to create a new fly and we're going to call this fly upload underscore product
on this call controller and just picture dot dot.
Okay.
Now, over here, you can see the first step we did was to create.
A class, right.
I told you is going to be same with this, right?
Okay.
So over here are going to create a class and they're going to call this class upload per that's controller.
Okay, great.
Now the next step, you can see over here what we did was to let's create a function in a that's sign
up users.
Okay.
So over here, they're going to create a function.
This is going to take some time.
And it's going to be a future.
Okay.
Now, all our data are all all of our fields are going to be straight, right?
I think the ones that are going to be number, we're definitely going to convert it to what is string.
Okay.
So now we can call this function upload product.
Probably you can just add ACARS.
Okay.
Now you're going to be using the weights.
So definitely we're going to need the async.
Okay.
Now, the next thing to do is to pass in hall that two fields we need.
We are passing all those fields because we want to be able to pass the value to those fields.
Whenever we call this function card, upload product.
Okay.
Now, the first field we need is going to be the product name.
We can't just go with the title.
And this is going to be a string, right?
Because it's going to be a test.
Okay.
Now, the second field we need is what's the prize?
The product's category name.
Right.
Okay.
Rise as well.
We can't just drink and.
Products.
Her got her dad's car t gory name and as well we can we can use this country and B to make this right.
Okay.
Now, so we also need the idea of the products.
We can just do this before it doesn't really matter how available we can.
Yes.
Do this after this.
Okay.
String it.
Okay, comma.
Okay.
We also need to add the quantity of the products right to description.
We can just had descriptions first.
Okay.
So over here we can see string and this this creep and shun.
Now we need.
What's the corn?
Corn?
T t.
Okay.
String.
So in us stream what string.
Okay.
And lastly, we need what the image show l that is the product image of L and we can just go ahead and
specify that this is going to be a type of fly or you at least think you've seen this before.
Okay, now I light and use controlled dogs.
Now make sure you don't.
Okay.
I think make sure you don't import the dust that is HTML so you can get a very huge error and it's going
to crash.
You have to make sure your important front is not.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we can check over.
You can see Garcia is going to be the same.
Okay.
Now the next step is to create a custom error.
Right.
Okay.
So over here you can just see a string and causes variable rest.
That is going to be the short form for a result.
And we can just say something opponent.
You can't just add, but we don't know.
Okay, now the next step is what?
So use it.
Try and cache block in order to check if all this fields before this fields are valid or not or if the
users entered the field or not.
Okay.
So over there we can use it.
Try and catch.
Trying to catch.
You can just go.
It is, you know, that automatically generates the catch.
Okay.
And now we can use an effective meant.
We can just use country and be like, sorry not for you, but if we can see if tie two dots is not.
Empty.
Write tickets.
Write.
It is not empty.
And.
I'd say we're not going to be using this idea of idea because the idea is going to be the title of the
product.
Right.
You have that.
Okay.
So this is going to be hand.
And prize thought is not.
Empty.
And what's.
Dogs.
Cutie Gorey name is not.
Is not empty.
And what?
And.
Discussion.
That is not.
And see.
And what again?
Quantity.
And.
Juan.
Corn.
Corn tea.
T.
Okay, the art is not empty.
Okay.
And lastly, an image.
Your hell is nuts.
Becau channel.
The reason for this is imagine if the user clicks on this gallery and it's supposed to tap into that
for users to the product, and then the user refuses to upload the products.
It's going to be no rights.
Okay.
Is not a court.
No.
Okay.
Yeah.
What we can do is we can hide in, not check.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Is control necessary in order to have a mattress?
And if all this feels and not a quarter?
No, that is if the user actually filled in all the fields, then are going to store the values you
can see over here.
What we are simply doing is we created dynamic variables, right?
So any type would call this upload per.
That's a function we're gonna need to pass in the values to all this feels like.
Right.
Okay.
So if it is not empty, then we want to save.
It's to firebase so we can see it and you can use this way we have.
Firebase White's store.
We have dots in the corners, and that's a collection we want to save or we want to save the products
in the products collection.
And these products are going to be connected to this collection based on something known as ID rights
of product ID.
So you can set the dock and automatically go to the generic that, okay, we already have something
known as you, you I.D., right?
Okay.
So what we can do is we can initialize it over here.
We can see what we can see.
You, you ID?
He's going to be equal to what u u.
I d.
Okay.
So get rid of this, and I think you need this.
So over a year, while we're over the strike, we can just say FINA and Cordis products.
It.
And it's a quiet sort.
He's going to be required to.
What the you.
It was agreeable then thought to be, for this is going to generate a unique number for us.
Okay.
So over here.
But in the past in the product.
I'd.
Okay, then we're just going to say dot set.
Okay.
You're this.
You've seen this before, right?
Okay.
And now you're going to pass in all this.
They feel this warped description.
Sorry.
Okay.
It is going to be tied to I think we call this.
Make sure this is going to be something like this.
They're going to get health care because in the wild fetching it.
This was the fields, right?
This was the asat spell end.
So make sure I think is the same thing we have over here.
Here is a sentiment.
Okay.
So this is going to be tighter and it's going to be more tied to.
So comma and there's going to be prize.
And is the price.
And just going to record that.
Products.
Okay.
Let's check products.
Category name.
We can see.
No.
Back his name.
Okay, what we can just do is, you know, we can just do this and over here.
Name.
Okay.
$4.
But that's.
Category name.
And products.
Okay.
And description.
Make sure you don't have any Israeli mistake as you're going to get past it area and just going with
this.
Scripture.
Okay.
And our team is going to be quantity.
AK and AK.
One, I think.
How many fields we have.
One, two, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
And over here.
One, two, two, four, five.
I can remember that.
Okay.
We don't have to hide.
We can just do this, I tell you.
I.D. is going to be.
The tie to.
So we can just see it's going to be Heidi.
Okay.
One, two, two, four, five, six.
Humanity.
What's in Maschera?
Image.
Okay.
This is going to be white image URL.
Now we are yet to upload the image to the database.
Right.
Okay.
So all we can just do.
So over here.
So we can just every time we turn race.
Okay.
You can see the error is gone now.
So all we can do is read.
You have the function in a nutshell, flawed.
Per that.
Right.
Okay.
So we can just copy this.
Copy and you find the reason you've forgotten about that.
You can just go ahead and watch it back.
Okay.
Imports.
Is going to be high.
Rides a key fly and we need to import this.
Okay.
And dismally.
What's.
Image, Yara.
And instead of data, it's going to be pulled by.
And hard this.
Okay.
And image area.
I think it's taking longer.
Okay.
Great.
Now this is the image.
This is the function in order to upload what product to the storage that is over here.
And remember we are sort which we also to this product right.
And remember we are also retrieving.
Okay.
So it is going to be what products?
Great.
And we are retrieving our product.
Right.
Okay.
So now all we can do is to.
Is a copy this, right?
Okay.
And now I know you must have forgotten all of this.
Okay?
You just have to try to go back to them, and it's going to be immeasurable.
Okay.
Right.
And he said, Oh, this, this is going to be the Lord.
Dear Lord Jarrell.
Okay.
This is basically it.
Knife.
You forgotten I did this.
You can please just go back to that lecture.
So yeah, we created the function that's upload image to the storage and we are sharing that image then
uploading it to what's first or database.
So this is basically it, right?
So you can look, you know, what you're going to need to do is try to see if you can call this function
yourself and see if you can pass in the value to it.
You're going to basically use the previous experience you have in doing this.
Okay?
Now when you're called in, you need to do best.
When you're learning, you need to master it as well.
So try to see if you can go back to this lecture and see how you did all this to see if you can.
Call this function we just have that is this so this class and then assess this function.